How's it going everyone and welcome back
to another tea talk. In this tea talk we
are going to have Garrett on here for a
second time to talk about universal
models swing points and SMT. I hope you
guys enjoy. What is up everybody? I am
back for a second episode of TT Talks.
Thank you T trades for the opportunity
here. Today's lecture we are going to
cover reversal confirmations
a complete approach to the market. The
lecture topics are going to be universal
model swing formations SMT SMT pairing
and two-stage SMT sequence. I'm going to
show you guys how to pair these all
together for a complete framework and
approach the market. Credit goes to T
trades, AM trades, the MXM trader,
trader day, and ICT, which I would
consider all my mentors. I have taken
little bits and pieces of each one of my
mentors and blended them together for my
personal approach and that's what I will
be sharing a piece of with you all
today. Let's get into it. So, here we
are on universal models. We're going to
be covering internal to external,
external to internal, and manipulation
ranges. This is something I really
learned from the MXM traders back when I
was first learning how to really trade
ICT. He really simplified it. So, I'm
going to try to do my best here for you
guys. So, all internal to external a
universal model really is is a
framework, right? It tells us, hey, when
price hits this key level, in this case
being internal range, a fair value gap,
we can expect price to reverse and trade
to the high or the external range that
caused the retracement into the gap.
Right? So, here we are on external to
internal. Once price reaches an external
high or manipulates a range high, we can
expect price to retrace back into the
range to see continuation from that gap
or a failure to reverse from this gap
and target the opposing side of the
range. But regardless, this fair value
gap becomes your first target. And
lastly, order pairing ranges or
manipulation ranges, a high or low or
range low being the key level. the
opposing side of the range or swing high
being the targets. Now, we are going to
be going over swing formations. Why are
swing formations so important? Because
the market cannot reverse without a
swing formation. This is the whole logic
behind the TH fractal model and why it
is so logical. So, firstly, let's go
over a candle 2 closure. What is a
candle 2 closure? It is simply when
candle 2 closes back inside of candle
1's range. Once we have that closure, we
mark out equilibrium of the previous
candle's range, wanting to see the upper
half of that range support price higher
and form the low of candle 3. So why do
we do this? Why do we mark our EQ of
ranges? It is a mechanical way to
measure wick size. What is wick size and
why do we care about it? Well, we know
that expansion candles, right, they have
these small wicks. Reversal candles have
these large wicks, which is what we
typically want to avoid. We want to
trade expansion with this large wick. We
know price cannot expand. So after
candle 3 expands, seeking continuation
in candle 4 is if we close candle 3
above candle 2's high. Once we have that
closure, mark a equilibrium of the
candle 3 expansion. This is where we
seek a candle for continuation forming a
low in the upper half of candle 3's
range. So here we are with a candle 2
reversal to expansion. It is the exact
same thing as a reversal candle. The
only difference is the wick size. Right?
So here we can see that we have a small
wick which allows price to reverse and
expand in the same candle. So when
candle one closes an expansion candle
after hitting a key level, we can
already anticipate a reversal. But if
candle one did not reverse, then we must
reverse off of its high or low here. As
you see, we reverse off the low. If we
form a small wick, then we can actually
participate in this candle because it
supports expansion away from the
reversal. So here we are with a candle
three closure. This is simply when
candle one hits a key level or candle 2
hits a key level, but we do not get a
candle 2 closure. As you see, this is
where candle 3 will just expand away
from candle 2's low without actually
taking that low out. So prior to candle
3's open, we cannot anticipate this
reversal because we have no closure,
right? The only way we anticipate this
reversal is after the swing formation
actually forms. Right? Candle 1, candle
2, candle 3. Once we have a strong
candle 3 closure, mechanically defined
as closing over the body of candle 2.
This is where we can mark out
equilibrium of candle 3's range seeking
expansion or continuation in candle 4
where the low is formed in the upper
half of candle 3's range. So now we're
going to put the two together. universal
models with swing points. We know that
when market hits these key levels, we
know we should expect a reversal and we
also know that the market cannot reverse
without a swing point. So this is when
we blend the two together to confirm our
framework. So as you can see market
trades lower into this gap creates a
candle too indicating a reversal from
the internal range of liquidity. Once we
hit internal range liquidity, we know we
should target the opposing side of the
range that caused a retracement. This is
where we seek a continuation within
candle 3 respecting the upper half of
the previous candle's range. So here we
have a reversal into expansion candle
where candle one hits the key level
being external range of liquidity, but
candle one does not reverse. We're
opening near the candle's high. So that
becomes the reversal point. If we create
that small wick, this is what allows the
candle to reverse and expand into the
fair value gap. So, we actually can
participate in this reversal candle. So,
here we are with order pairing ranges.
Here we have a candle 3 closure where
candle one trades into the range low but
does not reverse. So, we do not
participate in this candle because it
does not support expansion. And once
candle 3 opens, we also cannot
participate in this candle because
candle 2 showed no signs of reversal. So
we must wait for the close. If it closes
above the body of candle 2, this is what
validates us to trade candle 4.
Continuation marking out equilibrium of
candle 3 and looking for candle 4 to
respect the upper half of that range and
targeting the opposing side of that
range. Now we're going to get into SMT.
One thing we know about the market is
the market cannot reverse without a
swing point, but the market can also not
reverse without SMT. So this is where
we're going to combine the two. And this
is really the whole goal of this lecture
is to show you the power of combining
the two and how you can build a
mechanical framework and system around
this logic. With SMT, we must understand
the correlated markets to pair
divergences with. So for me personally,
I view correlated markets through a
triad that is simply three correlated
markets. So for forex we have DXY,
EURUSD,
GBPUSD. For indices we have ENQ, ESYM.
For gold we have gold or GC X AU Euro
and X AU GBP. For the oil triad we have
CL, RB and HO. Firstly, we're going to
be using SMT between highs and lows.
This is the most common form of SMT. It
is where one market manipulates a low or
range low where the other one simply
does not take that low. This is a Ken
correlation. It signals a potential
reversal. Secondly, and the other key
level we are going to be using S&T with
is a fair value gap or also known as SMT
fill. This is where one asset fills in a
gap or trades into a gap and the other
one leaves it open, right? A breakaway
gap. And this can signal a potential
reversal. So now we're going to combine
swing points and SMT with our universal
models for a mechanical approach to the
market. So as you see, price trades into
the gap creates SMT with the gap. That
is our first sign of reversal and that
is confirmed by the candle 2 closure.
Once we have that close, mark out
equilibrium or 0.5 of that range. And
this is where we look for candle 3
continuation to form a low in the upper
half of candle 2's range. Here we are
with external to internal where one
asset reaches into external, the other
one does not. This creates that
divergence, that potential reversal. And
since we have this small wick, we can
actually trade it back into the range,
right? We can actually anticipate this
reversal. Not only because of the small
wick, but it is also because of that
divergence. Here we have manipulation
ranges where one asset trades into the
range low or swing low. The other one
does not. It creates a failure swing.
This is what signifies a potential
reversal that is not confirmed until we
get that candle 3 closure closing above
candle 2's body. Once we have that
closure, we can anticipate a candle for
continuation into the opposing side of
the range as our target. And as you see
after we mark out equilibrium, it
respects EQ of that range supporting
expansion.
Now we are going to be going over swing
confirmations. Since we know the market
can't reverse out of swing point or SMT,
now we can apply SMT with swing points.
So here we have swing point SMT between
candle 1 and candle 2 on the correlated
market. This is where we create that
failure swing that indicates that
potential reversal and this is where we
look to trade a candle 3 continuation.
Here we have an SMT between candle 2 and
candle 3. We're on the candle 2 closure.
The SMT is confirming that reversal and
we look to trade candle 3 continuation
lower. So here we have a two-stage SMT.
A two-stage SMT is where we have one
stage of SMT and immediately following
that is confirmed by a second SMT. We
can use this via swing point where we
have an SMT between candle 1 and candle
2 and then an SMT between candle 2 and
candle 3. This is a very strong
signature in price that we can use to
confirm reversals. Now we are going to
be covering the PSP. This is a concept
taught by trader day. So all the credit
in the world to him is very very simple.
It is where between a correlated markets
they close in opposite directions. So as
you see over here this candle closes
bullish. This one closes bearish. And
this indicates a potential reversal. It
is as simple as that. Now we're going to
go over a two-stage PSP. It's
essentially what we just talked about
with SMT between candle one and candle 2
or candle 2 and candle 3. Now we're just
adding in a precision swing point. So
with this SMT between candle one and
candle 2, this is our first stage SMT
which is confirmed by the PSP creating a
two-stage SMT. Then we look to trade the
following candle in the opposing
direction. Here is a two-stage PSP
between candle 2 and candle 3. This is
when a S&T between candle 2 and candle 3
confirms the PSP. So as you can see the
PSP forms first and the SMT between
candle 2 and candle 3 forms after that
is what confirms the PSP. This is when
we look to trade candle 3 lower or a
candle 2 reversal into expansion. And
here is the continuation PSP. This is
what we look for in expansion away from
a true reversal towards a target. It is
simply where one asset retraces back
into the range. On the close it creates
a PSP on one market. it runs out the
PSP's high which creates that two-stage
PSP on the other asset. It does not
create a swing point at all. So now what
we're going to do is recovering SMT
sequences that confirm our universal
model framework. So the first sequence
is simply where we have an SMT fill
where one asset trades into the gap the
other one does not. This can confirm our
internal to external range framework.
The next SMT sequence is simply where we
trade into an external range, but we do
not form SMT at that level. This is
where this is confirmed by a swing
point, right? So SMT between candle one
and candle 2. Once that's confirmed,
then we can trade back into the range
completing this external to internal
model. The next scenario is when we just
have a PSP close, right? There's no SMT
with our key level being a high or low
or fair value gap, but we get a
precision swing point. This can be
enough to hint a reversal to go from
external range low to external range
high. So now we are going to be pairing
two-stage SMT sequences with our
universal models. So here we have our
first stage SMT with the fair value gap
itself with our key level. And that
first SMT is confirmed by a second stage
SMT via swing point with candle 2 and
candle 3. The next two-stage SMT
sequence is when we hit a fair value
gap. We do not have SMT between our key
level, but we get our first stage SMT
with candle one and candle 2. And that
is confirmed by candle 2 and candle 3
SMT as our second stage SMT. In this
two-stage SMT sequence, we have an SMT
with our key level being a higher low or
a fair value gap, which is confirmed by
a precision swing point. This confirms
the reversal and we look to trade the
following candles as continuation
towards our target. This next two-stage
SMT sequence is where we hit a key
level, do not have SMT with that key
level. Our first stage SMT will be a
precision swing point confirmed by an
SMT between swing points. Here we have a
cracking correlation with candle 2 and
candle 3. Once that forms, we look to
trade the continuation away from the
external range towards the target which
is the opposing side of the range. And
lastly, this is the highest probability
reversal signature or confirmation that
I use. That is when we have our first
stage SMT with a key level. In this
case, the internal range liquidity or
fair value gap. Next, we form a PSP and
then we get a Kraken correlation with a
swing point. So, essentially, we have a
SMT with a key level and then a
two-stage PSP following that first stage
Kraken correlation. Now, let's get into
some examples. So, with this first
example, we pretty much have a model
inside of a model where we have price
manipulating the range low. Price
displaces away. That displacement away
creates a gap leaving the opposing side
of the range as a target creating
failure swings. So when price trades in
this gap, we want to use this gap as a
key level to reach into the opposing
side of the range as our targets. And as
you see, when price reaches into that
level, it is confirmed by SMT with the
correlated asset being HO. Once this
forms, we look to trade the following
candles away from the reversal into our
target. Here we are on the oil tread
again. We have HO on the left, RB on the
right. What we see is price has expanded
away leaving failure swings at the point
of retracement here. Traces into a gap.
We do not form SMT with a gap, but we
get our confirmation via swing point.
Once this forms, we look to trade the
distribution into the range lows. So
here we are on the gold triad. We have
GC on the left, gold GBP on the right.
Now, it is important when using the gold
triad that you use the right feed with
this Forex.com feed. It actually opens
up at 1,800 as well. We have GC on the
left and gold GP on the right. As you
see, price trades into a range high on
both assets and does not create that
SMT. And that reversal here is confirmed
by a PSP. Once that forms, it confirms
the reversal and we can trade into the
opposing side of the range as our
targets. Here, we're going to be going
over a two-stage SMT sequence where the
first SMT is between a gap on the 4hour
time frame. We drop lower to the 30
minute. This is where we see our second
stage SMT confirming the higher time
frame SMT. Once this SMT forms, it
confirms the reversal and we look to
target the opposing side of the range,
which is that external range on the
4hour time frame. And as you can see,
price trades into it perfectly. And this
is where we look for continuation PSPs
to form. So, as you can see with this
530 candle, how does it form? On the
left of screen, it closes bearish. On
the right of screen, it closes bullish.
On the right of screen over here, we
create equal highs here. So a lot of you
are going to think this is a PSP to
reverse price. This is where narrative
comes in. If both assets are expanding
away from the original reversal,
typically that means both assets are
going to reach a draw liquidity.
Especially when it leaves these highs,
right, we automatically know this is
like a retracement. Once the asset to
the left runs this candle's low, that
creates that two-stage PSP, creating a
candle two on this asset. And as you can
see, we have that small wick. Once you
confirm this wick, you can then trade
the expansion into the draw on
liquidity. With our next reversal
sequence, we have an order pairing
ranges framework where price trades into
the range high but does not form SMT
with that level. So therefore, we look
for a swing confirmation to confirm this
reversal. And here we have a two-stage
SMT between swing points where our first
stage SMT is between candle one and
candle 2. over here. As you can see, we
create a failure swing that is
immediately followed by a second stage
SMT between candle 2 and candle 3 where
on the left screen we create a failure
swing. Once that forms, that confirms
the reversal and we look to trade the
following candle lower into our targets.
Here we are on the indices triad. Left
of screen is NQ, right of screen is YM.
As you can see on YM, we run the range
low. This is where we look to trade the
range high. And as you see, we have SMT
with that range low, which is
immediately followed and confirmed by a
precision swing point. So, what makes
this SMT so significant is the timing of
when this SMT is actually printed. As
you can see, this PSP is the 9:00 a.m.
close. What resides within that 9:00
a.m. time window is the equities open.
Right? We can use this driver to pair
with reversal or manipulation. And as
you see, once we get that candle 2
closure, this is where we seek a 10 a.m.
continuation. I actually took this trade
as well, but on YM, as you see, once we
get this strong candle 3 closure, this
is where we seek a candle for
continuation into our range high. Here
we have an order pairing ranges model
between the gold triad. Here we have GC
on the left, gold pound on the right.
Pound engages with the high here but
does not form SMTs. So what do we
confirm this with? Is a swing point in a
swing confirmation. This swing
confirmation is a PSP as our first stage
and a cracking correlation between
candle 2 and candle 3. as you see
confirming that PSP creating the
two-stage SMT and as you see GBP trades
into the range low while the stronger
asset GC trades into this gap. So this
can be viewed as external to internal.
So here we are on the indices triad.
We're going to do a top down on a trade
that I took a little while ago and this
is something I want to touch up on and
it is actually when S&T breaks and this
is a potential trigger for markets to
reverse. So you can actually see that
here with YM. Mark out this same high
that just got traded into on NQ and ES.
So as you see, we clearly failed to
manipulate it. If you've seen my SMT
video on YouTube, you know that this is
when SMTs are typically going to fail.
So as you see, once the weakest asset
actually catches up to that SMT and
breaks it, this is when markets can
potentially reverse. So you're actually
going to see this across multiple time
frames here. So now we're going to drop
down to the daily and you're going to
see the same exact sequence. So dropping
down to the daily here, what do we
actually see? Let's mark out these highs
on the triad here. So marking out this
high here, what do we notice about it?
ES just hits this high, which creates an
SMT with YM. What about INQ? Let's mark
out that same high on INQ, which is
right here. We can clearly see that the
market clearly failed to manipulate it.
This means we can expect one or both
assets to catch up. And this sequence is
even higher probability than the one we
saw on the weekly. This is essentially
where the middle asset breaks the SMT
and that is the trigger for reversal
while the third market or the weakest
market is creating a divergence with
that high. If we go back to the weekly,
this is simply where all markets break
the SMT and the lagging asset is the
trigger for reversal. So now dropping
down to the four, let's do that profile.
How do we want a bearish day to form? We
want it to open high, right? So, it
opens high and creates the high of day
from a key level, right? This range
high, which is actually breaking that
higher time frame SMT. Now, what do we
want to see? If you seen my last Tox, we
want to see that 4hour swing formation.
So, what would this be? A 4hour C2
closure, which is a London reversal. But
what is it also? What does this closure
also create? It creates a precision
swing point. Right? So boom. This would
be your second stage cracking
correlation because your first stage
cracking correlation is with the range
high. Right? Now, if you guys have also
seen my PSP video on YouTube, you know
what this is, right? If you see my SMT
video, my PSP video, this is a strength
switch PSP. We're not going to get too
deep into it here, but I definitely
recommend checking that out. But this is
not what I took, right? I didn't I don't
trade London. And I don't trade early on
in this candle. We're going to actually
trade the continuation around 9:30. So
let's now go ahead and drop down to the
30inut chart. So here we are dropping
down to the 30 minute time frame. What
are we trading? We're trading a New York
continuation with that 2 a.m. reversal
or London reversal. And as you see on YM
930 trades back into the range, taking
out this swing high, which we can use as
our first stage SMT. When we trade into
that high, what do we create? A PSP. Why
is this significant? Because 930 creates
it. We can pair a driver with
manipulation. And here is that sequence
where we get an SMT with a key level
followed by a two-stage PSP. Like I
mentioned, this is the highest probable
reversal confirmation. So like I said, I
did trade this. I took this on the 3
minutes. As you can see, this reversal
is confirmed by this order block here or
this change in say delivery using time
frame alignment here. I am actually
trading a C2 reversal. Right? If it has
that small wick, price can expand away
from our key level, which is the range
high. What can I target? The opposing
side of the range, right? Right? So,
this would be order pairing ranges. But
this low here is not the actual higher
time frame target, right? It's just a
low on the way to our higher time frame
target. This is our actual higher time
frame draw right here. So, now let's
drop into the 3minut. Check out what our
entry looked like. So, like I said,
entered on the creation of the CSD and I
looked for this range low for a 7-hour
trade. Let's see what happens. As you
see, price kind of messes around a
little bit, but ultimately we get to our
draw liquidity. And that is a very good
example of going from the top down into
confirmation. Now, let's go into another
top down example. Here we are on RB.
Let's mark out that weekly profile. So,
here we go. Monday, we open up right
here the new weekly candle. And for this
week, my draw liquidity was actually all
these lows, right? Looks very obvious,
but price actually creates a divergence
with one of these failure swings, which
I do not deem as relevant until price
shows me that it wants to expand away.
So, as you see throughout the week, we
ended up expanding away once price
expands away or prints that reversal
signature. That's when you can actually
trust trading away from failure swings.
So, as you can see, the first three days
of the week actually expand, right?
Creating a daily fair value gap. And as
you see, Thursday retraces back within
the weekly range and prints a reversal,
right? So if you look at the correlate
market, we actually have an SMT with
this gap. So what is that? That is a SMT
with a key level. We can use this key
level to get to our overall draw on
liquidity, which is this range high. Now
that we have our candle closure, what
can we do now? We can actually mark out
EQ of this previous day's range. We want
to see the next day form its low within
the upper half. So now all we need is a
daily profile to confirm this narrative.
So let's drop down to the 4 hour. So
here we are on the 4hour chart. We have
marked out our daily open. How do we
want a bullish day to form? Ideally want
to open low. Respect the upper half of
the previous candle's range forming that
small wick so we can expand. So as you
can see we open low first respecting
equilibrium of the previous days range.
This is actually where we form an SMT
between candle 1 and candle 2 on the
4hour time frame. If we drop lower we
can actually see a two-stage SMT. Here
is our first stage SMT. Here is our
second stage SMT. So now we have a
two-stage SMT confirming this low of the
day. If you just look at overall phases
of price, you have our SMT with that
previous day's low, which is that daily
fair value gap. What kind of phase of
price is printed after that SMT? That
V-shaped reversal, right? If you seen my
first TT talks, we know that this is a
reversal signature. This confirms the
reversal. And as you can see, this can
be a potential target. But really, our
overall target is this higher time frame
draw liquidity. As you can see, when
price expands away, it leaves all these
fair swings, right? What do we see here?
Large expansion range followed by a
choppy and slow retracement. We know
that is a continuous signature. So, we
actually trade into a relevant level,
which is this fair value gap located
within the upper half of the previous
stage range. This is ideally where we
want to see that reversal rate and that
is confirmed by this two-stage SMT. So
now let's drop to the 30 minute so we
can get a little better visual
representation. And look what we have
here on the 30 minute, right? Price
trades into our key level and expands
away. What does that form that V-shaped
signature once we have that V-shaped
signature that confirms the low of the
day. Now we're looking for continuation.
You can see that we have a fair value up
here. But when I go to the hourly chart,
this is actually where we see that
continuation PSP, right? Why is this a
continuation PSP? because we still have
our target open up here. The
continuation PSP is forming after we
form the low of the day. So, it's within
continuation. So, any PSP opposing our
draw liquidity will not be used as
reversal. I know when I first learned
this concept, it really confused me and
I would always get stopped out trying to
trade this reversal when in reality it's
just used for continuation. So, let's
drop into the lower time frame. This is
personally what I took. Now, ideally,
you enter down here by the actual
reversal, but I was not on the charts at
this point. This is around 8:00 here.
This is the ideal area to get in right
here. This is the actual two-stage SMT
down here, but I opted to enter on the
continuation over here. So, I got around
here, right? I entered this gap, I
believe. Yep. You can go check my X or
whatever, right? And I targeted this
high for around
2.8 R. Let's see how that plays out.
very nice expansion all the way to our
draw. And yeah, that is a nice top down
example there. For our last example,
we're going to be covering a trade that
I took on RTY. So, let's get into it.
Here we are on the daily. First, let's
cover the higher time frame framework
and intraweek development. So, as you
can see, price kind of opens up within
this gap and we expand away kind of
creating these failure swings, right? So
originally this is really not something
that I really like to trade away from.
But when price failed to manipulate this
high here, this tells us that we will
not do something like this, right? We
will not manipulate this high to then go
lower. We can then manipulate the
internal high and target the external
high as a potential draw liquidity
trusting this low of the week. So here
we are on the 4hour. As you can see,
price expands away from the low of the
week creating those failure swings. Like
I said, when price fails to manipulate
this internal high here and starts to
continue through it, that's when we can
assume, okay, we can definitely trust to
trade away from these fair swings and
target the opposing side of the range.
Here we have 1,800 creating the low of
day. Pretty much just expanding off of
the open. This is when we create an SMT
fill with YM. That is the correlated
market for RTY. I don't really use in Q
or ES for it. So now let's drop into the
lower time frame.
So here we are on the 30 minute time
frame and as you can see here is our
4hour gap. What is that confirmed by? A
lower time frame swing formation
cracking correlation between candle 2
and candle 3 and that creates a CSD
here. If we have a reversal prior to a
driver we mark that out. What should 930
do? It should do what? It should expand
away. So once that really expands away
from that reversal, that's what really
confirms to me that we can also trade
into this higher time frame draw
liquidity. So dropping down to the lower
time frame being the 15-minute. So here
we are on the 15-minut time frame. And
what can we see? RTY is trading into a
gap. If I pull up YM here, we do not
trade into any gap. So So what would
this be? This would be that continuation
in PHP. Why? Because we have an open
draw liquidity. We're trading it away
from reversal. And this is an extremely
extremely high probability reversal
confirmation within continuation towards
the John liquidity. So what can you
really trade this like? You wait for the
candle close to form. As you can see, we
mark out 10 a.m. open. And this what
this does is essentially forms the low
of the 10 a.m. 4hour candle as it
reaches into a key level which is the
15minute fair gap confirmed by SMT. So
now you have a higher time frame candle
reaching into a key level and it's
confirmed by SMT. So now you can assume
that the higher time frame candle's low
is put in and trade the body. Right? So
once you have this little swing
formation here, right? Candle to
closure. What do you want to do? Want to
mark out EQ of this candle's range. We
want to see price respect the upper
half. And this is where you can use the
fractal model for your entry. Right? We
have the SMT, we have the swing point,
the key level. Now it just comes down to
the lower time frame to get on side with
that. So here we are dropping down to
the one minute. Let's kind of clear all
this stuff. Here we have that V-shaped
reversal signature that we love to see,
right? Expansion into the low, creating
the SMT, expansion away, confirmed by an
SMT. Now it's about getting on side with
those continuation order blocks. And
this is personally what I entered. I
entered this fair value gap as I was not
really looking at RTY at this time. I
literally opened up the charts and saw
that we were retracing and I saw this
gap and said, "Okay, I can get on side
with that and I looked for wherever that
high is on the higher time frame." And
as you can see, I have it marked out
now. It was about a three-hour trade
wrapping up my week. So, thank you guys
for all watching. Thank you again,
Trades, for having me on for the second
time. Hopefully you guys learned
something. If you guys want to learn
more, you can check me out on all
platforms. If you want in-depth
lectures, live streams, access to me,
check us out at the marketlens.com. I
hope you stay safe and good luck
trading.